**Deniz Erden**, born in Eskişehir in 1993, began her conservatory education in 2003 on a part-time basis and continued full-time in 2004 at the State Conservatory of Anadolu University, studying under Hungarian pianist Robert Farkas. She pursued her undergraduate education at **Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University State Conservatory**, studying with Prof. Hülya Tarcan. In 2017, she completed her master's degree in **Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University State Conservatory**, focusing on research on 20th-century music, under the supervision of Prof. Hülya Tarcan and Prof. Ayça Aytuğ.

As part of the young talent concert series supported by TOBAV (State Theater Opera and Ballet Workers Foundation), she gave solo recital in Izmir. She has also performed at Stuttgart Musikhochschule, Rıhtım Festival, Gümüşlük Music Festival and Sesin Yolculuğu Festival. 

Following the Turkish premiere of Hideko Kozakura's "Barcelona Duo" for flute and piano in February 2018, she was invited to Tokyo and Nagoya in November 2019 to give solo recitals featuring works by Turkish and Japanese contemporary composers. **She made a world premiered of "Ringlet" for solo piano composition by Haruyuki Suzuki.**

In 2018, she completed the electronic music production certificate program at Bahçeşehir University and subsequently focused on works in the soundscape field. Her composition "Départ" was showcased in the project "A Station in Haydarpaşa" within the scope of **Istanbul Soundscape Project**. In August, she donated the revenue generated by her project "Your Planet Calling," composed for Lake Salda and Kaz Mountains, to the TEMA Foundation, contributing to both environmental awareness and the regeneration and preservation of nature. In January 2020, she designed compositions using recordings of the changing soundscape of Sarıgöl Neighborhood for Burcu Yaşin's project. Based on these designs, she performed her compositions live at the Pera Museum as part of the **'Electronic Bridges' series.**

She is a member of **Ensemble Flaneur**, founded in 2017, which aims to present narrative concerts by blending Western music with different concepts, along with musicologist Burcu Yaşin and mezzo-soprano Ayşe Ece Güneşşen.

Deniz currently living in Berlin and continues to give solo and chamber music concerts in the classical and contemporary music fields. She also continues to compose solo piano and electro-acoustic works.
